# information_retrieval_search_engine_indexer
Information retrieval, Search Engine, Crawler, Indexer
Crawler
-------
The crawler developed in this project crawls all research links listed in the Research Centre for Computational Science and Mathematical Modelling (CSM) at Coventry University. The link for the same is https://pureportal.coventry.ac.uk/en/organisations/research-centre-for-computational-science-and-mathematical-modell/publications/. There are five pages in the site, in which all are crawled. The research links which are not related to CSM are skipped. Some research links which has no abstract provided are also skipped. The  information collected from the scraped publications are year of publication, research link, abstract, title, author names, author profile link and research document links. After each page is scraped, five seconds delay is provided for the next scrape because the site has mentioned crawl-delay:5 in its robots.txt document. After scraping all relevant pages, the information collected are saved as an excel file. 

Then inverted index is created from the scraped results' ‘abstract’ field. For the inverted index, the abstract for each document is cleaned using nltk text pre-processing steps, such as stop-word removal, stemming etc. Then a list of unique words from all abstract text is created. Then a dictionary is created where keys are the unique words and values are the document ids which contain the unique words. Then the document ids are sorted in ascending order. The final inverted index dictionary is saved as a json file. The crawler is scheduled to run weekly  on every thursday at 08.40 pm.     
